final version (#39598)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeFalcon/ReleaseNotes/2_1_19.md

#### Integrations

##### CrowdStrike Falcon

> - Expand the CS XSOAR pack in XSIAM to include an event collector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expanded the CrowdStrikeFalcon Cortex XSOAR pack in Cortex XSIAM to include an event collector.
```
